README.md, before:

# Search for Coincident Gravitational Wave and Fast Radio Burst Events from 4-OGC and the First CHIME/FRB Catalog
Yi-Fan Wang（王一帆)<sup>1,2</sup>, Alexander H. Nitz <sup>1,2</sup>

<sub>1. [Albert-Einstein-Institut, Max-Planck-Institut for Gravitationsphysik, D-30167 Hannover, Germany](http://www.aei.mpg.de/obs-rel-cos)</sub>  
<sub>2. Leibniz Universitat Hannover, D-30167 Hannover, Germany</sub>  

## Introduction
Advanced LIGO and Virgo have reported ninety confident gravitational-wave (GW) observations from compact-binary coalescences from their three observation runs. 
In addition, numerous subthreshold gravitational-wave candidates have been identified.
Binary neutron star (BNS) mergers can produce gravitational waves and short-gamma ray bursts, as confirmed by GW170817/GRB 170817A. 
There may be electromagnetic counterparts recorded in archival observations associated with subthreshold gravitational-wave candidates. 
The CHIME/FRB collaboration has reported the first large sample of fast radio bursts (FRBs), millisecond radio transients detected up to cosmological distances; a fraction of these may be associated with BNS mergers.
This work searches for coincident gravitational waves and FRBs from BNS mergers using candidates from the 4th-Open Gravitational-wave Catalog (4-OGC) and the first CHIME/FRB catalog. 
We use a ranking statistic for GW/FRB association which combines the gravitational-wave detection statistic with the odds of temporal and spatial association.
We analyze gravitational-wave candidates and non-repeating FRBs from 2019 April 1 to 2019 July 1, when both the Advanced LIGO/Virgo gravitational-wave detectors and the CHIME radio telescope were observing.
The most significant coincident candidate has a false alarm rate of 0.29 per observation time, which is consistent with a null observation.
The null results imply at most $\mathcal{O}(0.01)\%$ - $\mathcal{O}(1)\%$ of FRBs are produced from the BNS mergers.

## Paper Link

[Arxiv Preprint](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.17222)

## License and Citation

![Creative Commons License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/us/88x31.png "Creative Commons License")

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/).

We encourage use of these data in derivative works. If you use the material provided here, please cite the paper using the reference:

```
@article{Wang:2022ryc,
    author = "Wang, Yi-Fan and Nitz, Alexander H.",
    title = "{Search for Coincident Gravitational Wave and Fast Radio Burst Events from 4-OGC and the First CHIME/FRB Catalog}",
    eprint = "2203.17222",
    archivePrefix = "arXiv",
    primaryClass = "astro-ph.HE",
    month = "3",
    year = "2022"
}
```

Commit message:

Revise citation details in README.md
Updated the title and added DOI, journal, volume, number, and pages to the citation.

README.md, after:

# Search for Coincident Gravitational Wave and Fast Radio Burst Events from 4-OGC and the First CHIME/FRB Catalog
Yi-Fan Wang（王一帆)<sup>1,2</sup>, Alexander H. Nitz <sup>1,2</sup>

<sub>1. [Albert-Einstein-Institut, Max-Planck-Institut for Gravitationsphysik, D-30167 Hannover, Germany](http://www.aei.mpg.de/obs-rel-cos)</sub>  
<sub>2. Leibniz Universitat Hannover, D-30167 Hannover, Germany</sub>  

## Introduction
Advanced LIGO and Virgo have reported ninety confident gravitational-wave (GW) observations from compact-binary coalescences from their three observation runs. 
In addition, numerous subthreshold gravitational-wave candidates have been identified.
Binary neutron star (BNS) mergers can produce gravitational waves and short-gamma ray bursts, as confirmed by GW170817/GRB 170817A. 
There may be electromagnetic counterparts recorded in archival observations associated with subthreshold gravitational-wave candidates. 
The CHIME/FRB collaboration has reported the first large sample of fast radio bursts (FRBs), millisecond radio transients detected up to cosmological distances; a fraction of these may be associated with BNS mergers.
This work searches for coincident gravitational waves and FRBs from BNS mergers using candidates from the 4th-Open Gravitational-wave Catalog (4-OGC) and the first CHIME/FRB catalog. 
We use a ranking statistic for GW/FRB association which combines the gravitational-wave detection statistic with the odds of temporal and spatial association.
We analyze gravitational-wave candidates and non-repeating FRBs from 2019 April 1 to 2019 July 1, when both the Advanced LIGO/Virgo gravitational-wave detectors and the CHIME radio telescope were observing.
The most significant coincident candidate has a false alarm rate of 0.29 per observation time, which is consistent with a null observation.
The null results imply at most $\mathcal{O}(0.01)\%$ - $\mathcal{O}(1)\%$ of FRBs are produced from the BNS mergers.

## Paper Link

[Arxiv Preprint](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.17222)

## License and Citation

![Creative Commons License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/us/88x31.png "Creative Commons License")

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/).

We encourage use of these data in derivative works. If you use the material provided here, please cite the paper using the reference:

```
@article{Wang:2022ryc,
    author = "Wang, Yi-Fan and Nitz, Alexander H.",
    title = "{Search for Coincident Gravitational-wave and Fast Radio Burst Events from 4-OGC and the First CHIME/FRB Catalog}",
    eprint = "2203.17222",
    archivePrefix = "arXiv",
    primaryClass = "astro-ph.HE",
    doi = "10.3847/1538-4357/ac82ae",
    journal = "Astrophys. J.",
    volume = "937",
    number = "2",
    pages = "89",
    year = "2022"
}
```
